samples: matter: Pulled update removing defaults for child images (#15575)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/protocols/matter/end_product/bootloader.rst

MCUboot is by default configured to enable debug features, such as logs.
You can reduce the size of the bootloader image by disabling unnecessary features.

> See the following files for the MCUboot minimal configuration used by :ref:`Matter samples <matter_samples>` in the |NCS|:
> * :file:`prj.conf` file located in the samples' `sysbuild/mcuboot` directory
> * Board files located in the samples' `sysbuild/mcuboot/boards` directory
> * :file:`Kconfig.sysbuild` file located in the samples' directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the following files for the MCUboot minimal configuration used by :ref:`Matter samples <matter_samples>` in the |NCS|:

* :file:`prj.conf` file located in each sample's :file:`sysbuild/mcuboot` directory
* Board files located in each sample's :file:`sysbuild/mcuboot/boards` directory
* :file:`Kconfig.sysbuild` file located in each sample's directory.
```
